---
title: "Mar 18 * Mar 29, 2024"
date: 2024-04-01
iteration_start: 2024-03-18
layout: iterationreport
hideDesignVelocity: true  # control visibility of design chart
slug: "01"
---

### PPA
* Worked with Mary to fix the save-as-new issue and new excerpt save problems
*  Helped with rescoping and planning; hathi rsync work now complete for current needs
*  Implemented script to update excerpt digital page ranges from a CS
*  Error handling for page index script when running in "expedite" mode (based on page counts in db and solr)
*  Solr 9 upgrade progress
*  named nlp package (corppa!) and did basic setup
*  implemented method to filter corpus by source id
* test corpus for small-scale NLP experiments compiled and reviewed
* Retested and closed the save-as-new issue
* Cleaned up the EEBO-TCP data work and Lottie is sending that out to Early Modernists for review
* Cleaned up the excerpt-range-changes spreadsheet and tested and closed that related issue (unexpected & HUGE!)
* Confirmed we have computational analysis permissions on page images and reached out to HathiTrust for additional clarification on specifics
* Confirmed project metadata with TigerData, they're setting up our space
* Started drafting an "Ends of Prosody" landing page (I made a placeholder image in Canva!)
* Groomed the backlog during Q2 planning
* Whiteboarding session with Rebecca and Meredith to set big picture goals and priorities
* Developmental editing for the introduction of Poetry's Data
* Responded to Gale about the thumbnail thing
* Reached out to Esme about getting PUL stuff into HT
* Finished testing the excerpts export
* Made a cool flowchart for the rsync workflow and put 3 new related issues into Github and into the rsync epic
* Cluster bug hotfix
* Completed ad hoc script for collecting HathiTrust version timestamps

### AAP
* Continue exploring working with the data / setting up my dev environment
* Scheduled meeting with Kreike team for 4/3

### Other RSE Projects
* PGP: reviewed two PRs and provided feedback on a Solr highlighting problem
* GeoTaste: added license to repo, invited Ryan as external collaborator, scheduled 1-1 with Josh
* Simrisk: cleanup * merged PR, closed issues, shared custom batch run code on related mesa issue

### Other CDH / Library / Outside
* two in-person interviews for PUL devops fellow
* helped with two dhtech code review working group submissions to dhtech miniconf (presentation + workshop)
* attended formal philosophy working group with Lara for presentation on simulating risk work
* Springload Meetings
    * tech kickoff meeting for cdhweb redesign
    * Website stakeholder interview
* communicated with Tony Williams (Technology Licensing) to get and document language about Princeton rights + permission to release as open source
* History department recruitment breakfast
* Attended/participated in Wouter's class on Tuesday and ran the class today
* Attended/co-facilitated the CDH Grad Fellows Meeting

### Meetings 

* All CDH Exec Meeting All Monday
* Q2 Planning
* Schmidt Sciences chat
* talk with Francis

### Consults

* Data Fellows Consult for Alessia
* Consult+ for Fernanda
* Consult for Teddy Leane

### Other

* Schedule workshop for humanities folks applying for an RSE
* Started process to post job ad for 3rd RSE position

## Demos
* add demo links or screenshots

{{< figure src="featured-###.png" caption="##">}}









