---
title: "Mar 4 - Mar 15, 2024"
date: 2024-03-18
iteration_start: 2024-03-04
layout: iterationreport
hideDesignVelocity: true  # control visibility of design chart
slug: "18"
---

## PPA

* added Ends of Prosody people to the mailing list
* support of Brian/Laure as they work on excerpts issue
* inventory of NLP work from the fall (part 2 next week)
* acceptance testing for 4 issues (2/4 closed)
* undergrad wrangling
* Collected the version information for the PPA excerpts; found that the vast majority of these volumes were mostly recently updated in 2022+ and that at least in one instance the page range has updated since the excerpts were last checked/verified
* PPA-NLP planning
* Completed the fix for the pairtree files issue (#538) and helped resolve the initial failures in testing
* Began work on upgrading PPA to Solr 9 (#572)
* made progress on various ppa rsync and excerpt related improvements
* completed work to recalculate page counts for PPA records
*  Revised the NLP portion of the PPA Charter
*  Organized Github issues into epics
*  Added all of the EEBO-TCP issues into Github
*  Tested issues #538 and #567
*  Responded to and met with Brian to discuss excerpts fix
*  Emailed Jon Stroop who confirmed PUL doesn't have an easy way to submit things to HT, but suggested we follow up with Esme Cowles who has done it before (apparently it's only easy if you're Google or Internet Archive)


## AAP

*  Obtained Kreike data for local use
*  Met with Wangyal to better understand what the shared files are and also gained more general insights about the history of this decades-in-the-making project
*  Debriefed with Jeri on my meeting with Wangyal and discussed where this leaves us


## Other RSE-related:

* Agile/Scrum/Lean trainings 
* Work on project closeout ahead of conversations about GeoTaste and Sim Risk
*  RSE team overview of how we create pull requests on GitHub (edited) 

## PM work

* huge headway on Project Design curriculum
* Staff meeting and discussion on new (revamped) programming
* Project Design planning session with Mary

## Other CDH / University work 

* Got Mallet installed after running into a Java 21 backwards incompatibility issue (David really is the one to thank here)
* Began prepping for Wouter's classes on topic modeling (this got delayed by the Mallet issue)
* Grant applications summaries and write up
* Lunch, Dinner, Talk, and Dinner with Jo
*  RSE town hall and start planning for a proposal workshop
*  attended spring Research Computing Advisory Group meeting and shared notes
*  attended intro to pytorch workshop
*  two planning meetings for PUL DEI devops fellowship search committee
*  Closing out APRs









